[Music]
Israeli air strikes have targeted parts
of central Gaza where tens of thousands
of homeless Palestinians have been
trying to find safety three missiles
struck near a mosque in
darala dozens were injured in the
strikes late on Tuesday which sent thick
black smoke billowing into the air
Israeli shelling was reported across at
least four areas in central Gaza we're
going to go to Han Mahmud who's joining
us from kanun in southern Gaza tell us
more what we know about these attacks
honey you know Rob not a single moment
goes by so far without Israeli attacking
Palestinians Sheltering either in tent
camps or inside residential homes and
the situations for the past few days
have been evolving to much more
complexity right now not only we're
looking at intense bombing campaign
concentrated in the Central Area uh
we're talking at least five major
attacks within just a few days only in
there bah City including other attacks
in the other part of the central area
zaa area the eastern part of the central
but yesterday particular attack just
took place at the vicinity of a mosque
and where two residential buildings were
targeted with multiple air strikes
including a nearby T sites for hundreds
of displaced families the dozens of
people reported critically injured in
the attacks three people killed right at
the spot and again again we're looking
at a context where the number is
increasing by the hour right now and
we're expected the hospital to announce
More Death out of this attacks only for
one simple reason these kind of injuries
are arriving to the hospital with severe
wounds and severe burns uh on top of
that the
shortage lack of medical supplies just
make it very difficult uh for medical
staff in the hospital to intervene and
to save lives in at this context of
ongoing bleeding and ongoing attacks
happening uh everywhere this is not the
the first time we're seeing there bah
city as largely designated in the past
as a safe area being attacked but it's
part of what uh privately had been
circulated within the past few days
among International organizations to
start evacuating the area and a
preparation uh for the Israeli military
to widen its attacks and this is
something that uh that we've seen
happening in the past where
International Organization NOS uh based
here in their in in part of Gaza Strip
are being asked first to look for other
locations in a preparation for Mass
evacuation we're expecting this to
happen within the coming weeks in and
the Central Area talking to us from kyun
in southern Gaza honey thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al